Man, what a freaking pain.
I'm bringing in Antenna Head, and I figured they would.
Wow, look who it is.
Daddy Long Lashes!
I saw you going wild.
Looks like I'm gonna have to put a stop to that.
Let's determine who's number one once and for all.
Me or you.
Not this again!
Cut it out, Shido!
No. See? This is perfect.
I was looking for a scrub to demolish and add a little excitement to the game.
And who shows up? You, the pest.
And the same goes for you, you big brother obsessed loser.
I'm not gonna let you do this.
Ryuusei Shido, a player we have zero info on, will be replacing Wakatsuki in this half.
There's no telling what to expect.
What kind of playstyle do you think he'll show us?
I can't wait to see it.
Now that Shido's joined, the situation on the field's gonna change.
The one who grasps that change, and is able to adapt the fastest, will become a hero.
Reflex.
Flow.
I can't let things end without scoring.
The second half is about to begin.
This game is mine.
Only when I start playing it can I remember a single, normal resolution.
I'm in trouble.
Of course I am.
The game 1990s is just making yowon happen.
Number two in our own class
đ
。
See, don't get in my way
It's getting intense, following my heart
I have to choose a route without love
Someone was looking down at the hole in the drama
I'll drink it up to the top
The game you're playing is like a burning flame
It's a ticket to the future, a raw look
I'm already excited about the cheap dojo
The charisma is on the verge of collapse
Shido's weapon is his overwhelming scoring ability in the goal area.
I can't let him out of my sight
When he receives the ball in front of the net, that's my chance
At that last line, I will hunt him down
Hear that? My heart's pumping!
I'm going in!
He's berserk
What's with that movement? He's ignoring both teams' formations
Unbelievable! His movements are even throwing off his own team!
To him, it's not 11 on 11
It's more like 1 on 21!
Shido's attack is a perfect example of how strong he is
Are you kidding me? No way he can make it through such a tight gap!
Oh, hi there
I got it! No sweat!
Shido's attack is a perfect example of how strong he is
Must be handy being so fast
Shido!
Shido's attack is a perfect example of how strong he is
He passed?
The Garbage Ace finally gets it!
Shut your trap! You know I'm only doing what Saitoshi told me to do!
He's changed roles since the first half
Now he's acting as a decoy for Shido
Basically, he's trying to accomplish what Iseki is doing for Dean
Dammit! None of us were expecting a combo like this!
I don't even care if it means winning!
I'll play by your rules!
He's squared it already?
Crap! Of course he's lurking on the edge of the box!
It's Sai Itoshi!
Bring it!
A snapshot?
No pause! It's pure reflex!
He's not shooting!
A curling cross?
It's a pinpoint pass!
All yours, devil boy
I love the sequence!
Thanks to Shido, their attack's been totally revitalized!
This is bad! Japan's U-20s did it!
They've awakened!
Hey, don't forget about me!
You're in my world!
Nice one!
Nice one, Niko boy!
And after that dangerous tackle catches 13's foot,
Blue Lock's Inky Niko is shown a yellow card by the ref!
But man, that was still amazing!
Shido, the guy they just subbed in,
he's on the same wavelength as Sai Itoshi!
I swear, you'll pay for that!
You're dead!
Sorry if I squished you, Mr. Pest!
I'll kill you!
Cool it, idiot.
Are you trying to get ejected from the game?
Prove your worth by scoring goals.
Don't fail. I won't tell you again.
Yeah, thanks for looking out for me.
Great job getting there first!
Yeah, nice defending.
No, I could only stop him by fouling.
Huh?
Sai Itoshi's direction and Shido's off the ball running.
I read their movements, then pinpointed the most dangerous spot.
I could see it, everything playing out.
You could?
But I didn't account for Sendou.
He ran into an awkward space for us,
as if complimenting Shido's advancing.
That momentarily delayed my assessment and earned me a yellow card.
Sendou changed his playstyle as soon as Shido took to the field.
He might not be flashy, but even from the background, he acts as a disruption.
Niko, you're able to see all of that.
You alright?
You don't think you're injured, do you?
Please just leave me alone.
I can play.
I want to do this.
It was frustrating not being chosen to play as a striker.
But back there, when I made that play, my eyes showed me something new.
It's fun on defense.
When you get to trample a forward...
Listen.
Ever since I met you,
I haven't been afraid of reinventing myself.
I've been trying to win this.
I'm sure of it.
I'll win this.
Right.
I'm sure of it.
Come on!
Watch this!
Sai's gonna take a free kick!
Uh...
I think I'm good.
What the hell's with number 13?
Sai Itoshi is gonna take that kick.
Watch out, Bluemock.
I'll be mad!
I'll be making this goal, thank you very much.
Besides, you're out of luck, seeing how your pesky brother's blocking your favorite angle.
Too close.
Too crowded.
Your path is much clearer, is it?
Yeah, watch this.
It's my free kick, so I'm taking it.
It's going in.
Is that the best course of action?
What do you mean?
I'm asking you whether or not those eyes of yours can see a better option.
Huh?
A play that's realistically possible.
And the one you most want to execute.
Aim for a move where the two of them start to overlap.
Don't fight inspiration.
Visualize the ultimate goal.
The best you can score in this moment.
You're giving me shivers, Sai.
For real.
Okay.
I've got a killer move I just came up with.
But...
This stunt's gonna be hard to pull off.
Sure you can keep up?
Who do you think I am, devil?
Just do what I told you to.
Dream big, and let me work my magic.
Aren't I special?
The Cinderella treatment.
Be still, my heart.
Fresh!
Here it comes!
They're going with...
Shido!
He ran right past it!
A fake out.
The shooter.
It's Sai Itoshi!
No, it's a pass!
I know you're looking for an open spot where you can wait for it, antennas.
My top speed will get me there first.
Stopping you dead in your tracks!
You see?
I called your combo.
A diving header should do the trick.
Gotcha!
I can't reach.
Are you serious?
An inch away from my arrival point.
And we're going top speed!
Wow.
Right on the money.
All the cells in my body.
Get ready for blast off!
Ready!
Go!
No!
He's a beast!
You're kidding!
This is it!
Sai Itoshi and Ryusei Shido's double act!
The carnival of the genius and the devil!
Hooray!
Whoa!
Did you see that?
Yeah, I did.
What was this?
What the crap was that?
Damn it!
I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry.
Damn it.
So everyone knows some roaches can fly.
Oh, my word!
That was number 13 on Japan's U20s, Ryusei Shido!
With that shocking goal it's tied!
Look at you, psychos.
So in tune.
I'm getting so high off endorphins.
All that...
Gotta come, cause...
Don't go prematurely celebrating.
The game's only tied.
Oh, yikes.
No way we could've stopped that.
So that's their chemical reaction.
An explosion.
Bachira's right.
That play was insane.
Shido took off at full speed,
heading for the place he envisioned shooting from.
Chigiri read that and tried cutting in.
Except he noticed.
He just factored in Chigiri,
the spot Shido wanted to be in,
and the speed and quality of his own pass.
He assessed all of it in only an instant,
and hit a pass through the eye of a needle.
Being able to move like that without thinking,
isn't that what I'm missing?
What I'm looking for?
The same thing goes for Shido's jumping volley.
Both brain and body,
they need to act on instinct,
to score a goal like that.
It's like reflex times reflex.
Those two made superhuman plays,
stacking them on top of each other,
and scored an impossible goal.
Bluelock couldn't handle Shido's ferocity or his vision,
but Sai Itoshi understood and responded with the ideal pass.
And things are just getting started.
For them, this is just the prologue.
Lovely stuff, Lashes.
I like you.
Wanna exchange info?
No.
But if you score a hat trick, I'll reconsider.
Oh, Dick.
You promise?
No take backs.
If we don't find a way to stop those two,
they'll come back and run away with the match!
Chigiri!
Hey, are you okay?
Yeah.
Just a little cramp.
The game isn't over.
I guess it's time.
Huh?
We've got an injured center back,
with a yellow card from a risky tackle,
and a high-speed fullback who's currently depleted all of his stamina.
Meanwhile, the U-20s have been reborn thanks to Sai Itoshi and Ryu Seishido.
It's time to bring on the subs.
Understood.
Who are you putting in?
Our cohesion is broken.
Huh?
We need someone who can anchor the game.
The right tool for our predicament.
Your knee.
It's okay, right?
Sorry.
The second half's only just started.
How am I totally drained this early in the game?
Stupid question.
That's the price for turning my back on the sport I love,
looking for a reason to quit.
Of course my body gives out at a crucial moment like this.
I'm pathetic.
Idiot.
All that time wasted.
You could have trained,
but you were running away instead.
Jiggity.
You were amazing.
Damn it.
Well, that's annoying.
Things were just getting interesting.
Oh, and Blue Lock calls time.
They're sending in subs.
Looks like it's two at once.
Mm-hmm.
Number four, Hiyoma Jiggity,
and number three, Ikiniko, are out.
Number 14, Bae Omikage,
and number 16, Yohiro Riyo, are substituted in.
Great job, man.
It's up to you now.
It was a good run, Jiggity.
Rest up.
I've got you covered.
Nice sprinting, number four!
Yeah!
You were amazing out there!
Hey, what's your deal?
If you've got a problem with being substituted,
better speak up.
No.
I don't, sir!
If you want to stay in,
take to the field with a body that can last a whole match,
idiot.
Listen to that frustration.
It's telling you how far you still have to go.
And after swapping out those two players,
seems Blue Lock's also changing up some positions.
Yep, it sure does.
Meanwhile, the U-20s are in control.
The momentum is on their side.
Let's see how things look after those changes.
Ten minutes into the second half.
Should be interesting.
You're a fullback, Otoya.
Don't venture too far forward.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm finally back.
On the pitch with him again.
Nagi.
Wait long?
Nah.
I was certain you'd be here.
Score another goal already.
You're capable of more than one.
Yeah, I know.
If we don't win, then it's over.
It's too soon.
We can't let our dreams die here.
Yeah, I'm aware.
We're still tied.
The next goal will determine who's in control of the game.
This hit.
The turning point of the battle.
The final goal.
With Hiyori added to the front line, our tactics have changed.
Let's show them our attacking options.
What we practiced in Blue Lock.
Until now, we've had everyone running around the field.
With Rin as our core, each player used their individual skills without pausing.
But Hiyori's strengths are his unhurried vision and his controlled touch.
He's a calm tactician who creates space on the front line.
I'm not letting you pass me, little boy Blue.
Well, my tattooed friend, that's fine.
See, I'm neither a ninja nor a sprinter.
I compete in a different way.
Hiyori wasn't subbed in for one-on-ones that glide past an opponent.
But for his inspirational passes and how they coordinate with our movements.
Aggression isn't the only ego.
I have my own kind.
I'm a true warrior.
So fast, outside of the boot?
That's tight!
Forcing it through a tiny gap, huh? That's kinda hot.
As always, you're only good at kicking!
Don't you say only.
Then prove it already that you ain't mediocre.
Ka-ka-ka, what a noisy crow.
Their passing back and forth caught the other team off guard.
Now that they've earned some space, I need to react reflexively to Hiyori's cool-headedness.
And that left foot!
Alright, here goes.
Her trajectory is as nasty as Saito's.
Where's the target? Is it green?
No, beyond him!
Sick pass. Thank you.
THINK AGAIN!
Don't you dare think of him until you make it past me!
Go ahead and kick it, beauty trapper!
This Doberman is so annoying.
I managed to sneak in behind using Rin as bait.
Oh, and here comes the ball.
Aw man.
What do I do? Guess I'll jump!
And find an open space? It's my only option!
I know you can sense it. It's yours!
Striker!
Here it comes! Finally, a pass behind Rin!
I won't hesitate!
Direct shot!
Freeze, burglar.
I'm not going to let you get away with this.
You thought I wasn't going to put a collar on you?
Aiku! Where did he come from?
We only just changed up our attack, and that was Nagi's improvised pass!
I reacted first, but he still got here before I did!
As long as I'm in his territory, my abilities are dead!
Damn you!
Watch for the counter!
Yep, that's our captain.
Counting on you!
I'll count on you, genius!
Incoming! He'll pass it to Shido!
We'll stop him here.
You ready, Reio?
Listen up, Reio Mikage.
There's only one reason I'm swapping you in.
I want you to focus on stopping Shido.
Right. I worked on my defending back at the training camp.
And have been keeping an eye on the game like you said.
Specifically, the abilities of the other team's defenders.
I'm sure you'll be able to see them.
Shido and Sai Itoshi.
I'll keep them in my sight at all times.
He's still dribbling.
Has it made a move?
Not yet.
The combo!
Right!
I'll take it.
Huh?
That move… It's mine!
Replication was 99% successful.
This is my role!
The entire reason I'm in this game!
Chameleon Defense!
Reio…
Props, man.
With this power of mine…
I'll put an end to Shido!
I wake up in the morning
And the sound of the bell rings
The blues of the night
I see a dream that's so lonely and fleeting
I dream of a dream
The seasons pass by
Still I'm standing
I'm still here
With memories,
I'm growing and growing
Scars
I can touch them again and again
This flame is dyed blue
Quietly, hotly
I reflect on my chest
I don't feel like I'll ever disappear
Overflowing,
I'm still in love
I'm in love
With only one thing
One dream
That's all I have
One day
I'm just staring at one place
I can't go back to those days
Now, it's too late
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah
Just one day
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Before long, yeah
Blue lock!
Additional time!
So, is watching soccer games something you guys do often?
Who, us?
No, no, Yoichi does, of course.
But I'm sorry to say we don't know anything about the sport.
I'm the same.
Like with off-sides, or whatnot.
I'm still so confused by it.
Me as well!
The whole thing's this big mystery I'll never get.
Right?
I'm glad I'm right there with you.
I meant it before.
I'm grateful our sons have become good friends.
You see, my Meguru, he doesn't exactly have tons.
The pleasure is all ours.
Actually, Yoichi's kind of in the same boat.
Oh?
Can you tell me a little more about him?
I guess, if I'm being honest, he's a scaredy-cat.
Wow, is he really?
One time, when he was playing in the park,
he put his hands on his head and started crying.
He thought a storm cloud was about to form and start raining on him.
So yeah, that's pretty much it.
That's pretty much my sensitive chicken little for you.
Aww.
I love that he senses things before they happen.
Sounds like he's a genius.
Mine's the complete opposite.
He'll see kids drawing a red or yellow sun and say,
That's just weird.
The sun is white.
See?
Are you even looking?
And then start a fight over it.
Also, he gets naked all the time.
What?
Yoichi's the same way.
A little nudist.
He's always taking off his clothes and complaining.
Apparently, he hates how they feel and says they chafe.
It sounds like soccer isn't our son's only shared interest.
Guess not.
But I'm glad that he found this sport.
Because of it, he's able to make friends.
And he was lucky enough to meet your boy.
Yes.
And I look forward to a long-lasting friendship of our own.
Hey, there you are.
The second half is about to start, you two.
We should get your...
Whoa!
Oh!
Help me!
Whoa!
Nice combination play!
Oh!
Whoa!
Nice combination play!